Registration validation improvement (#160)
mate-academy/jv-program-common-mistakes: java-core/junit/registration-validation.md

* Make sure you name your methods according to [convention](https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html#s5.2.3-method-names).
* Add tests for all possible User's parameters (null login/password/age, user under 18/18/over 18 years old, negative age, and so on...).
* Make sure to **not** add something that is not described in the task requirements, or tied to something that may change over time like max user age. It is likely that average and maximum human lifespan will grow over time, so let's keep it in mind.
* In your tests very important to check **all possible edge cases**. For example, we have min password length 6 characters. 
In this case would be good to test: empty password (0-length - not-ok), 'abc' (3-length - not-ok), 'abcdf' (5-length - **not-ok edge case**), 
'abcdef' (6-length - **ok edge case**), 'abcdefgh' (8-length - ok). Few not-ok checks you can have in one not-ok test method. Same for ok-test.
Testing only 'abc' (3-length - not-ok) and 'abcdefgh' (8-length - ok) is not enough because we do not check how the program behave with edge cases.
* Make sure that after successful registration user was added to storage and `register` method returned correct user.

> * Use low level methods like `Storage.people.add()` directly instead of `RegistrationService.register()` method to add user for testing. Because we can not use the same method which is under a test to insert some mock test data to our storage, since we can not guarantee its correctness yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use low-level methods like `Storage.people.add()` directly instead of `RegistrationService.register()` method to add users for testing. Because we can not use the same method which is under a test to insert some mock test data into our storage since we can not guarantee its correctness yet.
```

* Don't create one big if with all conditions. Better to split one big if into several small ones.

```java 
Bad example:

public User register(User user) {

>  if (user.getLogin() == null 
>    && user.getPassword() == null
>    && user.getAge() < MIN_AGE) {
>    throw new RegistrationException("Invalid data");
>  }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 if (user.getLogin() == null 
   || user.getPassword() == null
   || user.getAge() < MIN_AGE) {
   throw new RegistrationException("Invalid data");
 }
```
